README.md, before:

## History Disabler for Chromium
#####Version 1.3.1 | August 4 2015

Removes history items as they're created to effectively disable History in Chromium browsers.

To lower memory usage, the extension only runs when a history item is created (so said item can be removed).

The only required permission is 'history'.

#####Download

[Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/history-disabler/idfabmmfgdfcjehenodijniddhhgodgo)

[Opera Addons](https://addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/history-disabler/)

---

#####Privacy

History Disabler for Chromium does not collect any user data. 

The extension is hosted entirely on GitHub, the Chrome Web Store, and Opera Addons. These services may collect user data.

#####License

Copyright 2016 rentamob

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Minor changes for version 1.4
New permissions and slight change to description.

README.md, after:

## History Disabler for Chromium
#####Version 1.4 | March 4 2016

Uses different methods to effectively disable history in Chrome (and other Chromium) browsers.

To lower memory usage, the extension doesn't persistently run in memory.

The only required permissions are `browsingData`, `history`, and `tabs`.

#####Download

[Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/history-disabler/idfabmmfgdfcjehenodijniddhhgodgo)

[Opera Addons](https://addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/history-disabler/)

---

#####Privacy

History Disabler for Chromium does not collect any user data. 

The extension is hosted entirely on GitHub, the Chrome Web Store, and Opera Addons. These services may collect user data.

#####License

Copyright 2016 rentamob

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
